welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going back to
witness the miracle of spontaneous
evolution with the 1996 follow-up to
tremors
tremors 2 aftershocks if you believe
that vague references to the
pre-cambrian eon can explain away all
the biological absurdities of your
fictional creatures
please do not subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open a recognizable scenario as a
utility worker traverses an open space
via pipe not unlike mario he then enacts
a foolproof plan to travel via barrel
hopping
also not unlike mario but this movie is
throwing subtlety to the wind
immediately knocking into the ground and
delivering the money shot then we head
back to perfection where we find earl
still stuck in town and wrangling
ostriches
like a loser he is visited by a
representative of a mexican oil company
looking for expert advice on handling
their graboid problem he gives an
obvious
no even at the prospect of earning 50k
per graboid which don't mean dick if
you're dead
plus he's got all his money wrapped up
in the ostrich market who's gonna take
care of them
but grady is a silver tongued devil
hitting all the right buttons about his
squandered fame and fortune and
emphasizing the opportunity for him to
rise again
and he convinces earl to come along
pretty soon they find themselves in
mexico you can tell because of the signs
as they ensure the necessities have all
been attended to they meet the company
geologist
kate riley earl gets to know her little
as he pours over the maps
and we see via grady that they're
equipped this time with portable
seismographs the next morning they enjoy
a light breakfast and go for a jaunt in
the valley to attract the attention of
their prey
they employ a method earl developed and
start racking up that easy
money basing this entire movie around a
single sight gag from the first
and all over the valley these once proud
and majestic miracles of nature are
reduced to mere cannon fodder
however after a close call and a quick
ride at the end of a log chain
they find their situation somewhat
upgraded and wisely call in some backup
they reach out to bert at his lowest
point
heather's gone he has no direction in
life and they offer him a purpose
so before they know it he's rolling up
in a deuce and a half full of goodies
provided by the mexican army
after a quick rundown of the equipment
they're back in the field we see burt is
handling one side of the valley
recording his exploits log style for
posterity but approaching it from the
ground
like a rank amateur meanwhile earl and
grady note unusual behavior on their
side of the valley as one of the
creatures moves away from them
something they don't typically see
earl's cautious due to their cunning but
this one just roars them into a ditch
they're able to get up close and
personal finding it too lethargic to eat
them which
isn't very sporting so they call in
pedro with a crane truck to double their
bounty by dragging in a live one
due to its value they check on it when
it sounds distressed upon arrival they
find it's been reamed out like a beached
whale earl thinks back to biology class
and suggests that this may have been a
metamorphosis
because why not similar bellowing then
rings out across the valley
pedro eventually rolls in but the truck
stops for an extended time
prompting them to gear up and approach
on foot lugging the seismo along for
safety
the truck doesn't look too good and
pedro is gone
mostly they head to the repeater to
figure out why their radios aren't
working and find a fairly clear answer
as they seek alternate transportation
they run across the new iteration of the
gravois it goes down easy but they hear
a bunch more coming so they run
back at the office kate has a normal
window conversation with julio when he
fakes like he's getting eaten
except it's for real the boys show up
moments later and try to calm kate
shortly thereafter bird arrives as well
having had his own run-in with the new
petite graboids and he reveals that he
captured a live one
they wrangle it into the office too
distracted to notice a second one fall
from the truck and start snacking on
some mres
through scientific testing they learn
that it senses them through infrared
which is why they tore up the engines in
radio towers
they're accidentally smart after a small
meal it then barfs up an egg sac and
they barely have time to stand in awe
before the scenario playing out in the
warehouse
imposes itself upon them they flee and
develop new methods for sneaking past
them while avoiding detection
when they find a loner bert uses the
tools at his disposal finding he gets
penetration in the next week
which includes the radiator of julio's
car they turn a corner and find
themselves in a classic tremor situation
with bert ending up in a caterpillar
bucket getting
licked on and the others up high they
wait as is standard protocol until the
grabbies start rehearsing their circus
act
prompting bert to lay down a distraction
he draws them into a warehouse and locks
them in
unfortunately this is the snack supply
warehouse so this situation will become
unmanageable if they don't do something
earl comes up with the idea to cool
himself off so we can get in at burke's
bombs
he enters to find them making sweet love
to that candy
implying it has a heat signature but he
remains invisible he reaches the truck
right as his hot ass starts to lighten
up their visual cortices
so he sets a short timer and they pull
him out with a fire hose they
then run to bert's recommendations given
the payload afterward they're happy to
be alive
but left to wonder who's gonna pay them
after reducing the refinery to a
smoldering hole
just a quick reminder that i've set up a
website that allows you to support the
channel through donations
any donation at all earns you access to
an uncensored 10 minute review of toby
hooper's life force
and any support is greatly appreciated
tremors 2 had a bit of an
aliens vibe to it and i'm not sure they
gained much by changing the fundamental
nature of the monsters we all know and
love
otherwise it was okay if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become part of
the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching